# ajthor-ortiz-HSCC2021

Code for the paper, "SReachTools Kernel Module: Data-Driven Stochastic Reachability Using Hilbert Space Embeddings of Distributions," HSCC 2021.

The code is provided in a CodeOcean capsule, located [here](https://codeocean.com/capsule/6944595/tree).

### Repeatability Instructions

It is recommended that the code be run from the CodeOcean capsule, located
[here](https://codeocean.com/capsule/6944595/tree). On the capsule page, click
'Reproducible Run' to run the code and generate all figures.

If you would like to reproduce the results locally, download the CodeOcean
capsule by
[exporting](https://help.codeocean.com/en/articles/2199842-exporting-capsules-and-reproducing-results-on-your-local-machine)
the CodeOcean capsule to your system and following the instructions in the
`REPRODUCING.md` file generated by CodeOcean.

The main entry points for the code are located in the `code` directory and are
called `run.sh` and `run_all.m`. These scripts generate the figures and tables
used in the paper and should serve as the main repeatability files.

#### Figure 1

Figure 1 is a latex image file, generated using tikz, and as such is not
included in the repeatability evaluation.

#### Figure 2

Figure 2 shows the computation time of the `KernelEmbeddings` algorithm as a
function of the sample size `M`. As more samples are used to compute the
approximation, the sample size increases exponentially. Use the `figure2.m`
script to generate the figure.

#### Figure 3

Figure 2 shows the performance of the Kernel Module on a stochastic double
integrator system for the first-hitting time problem. Use the `figure3.m` script
to generate the figure.

#### Figure 4

Figure 2 shows the performance of the Kernel Module on a splanar quadrotor system for the first-hitting time problem. Use the `figure4.m` script
to generate the figure.

#### Figure 5

Figure 2 shows the performance of the Kernel Module on a cart-pole system with
neural network controller for the terminal-hitting time problem. Use the
`figure5.m` script to generate the figure.

#### Table 1

Table 1 shows the computation time of the kernel-based algorithms compared with
the existing algorithms in [SReachTools](https://sreachtools.github.io). It
omits the algorithms, `ParticleOpen` and `VoronoiOpen`, since they use Gurobi
and require an active license. Use the `table1.m` script to generate the table.

## License

The code is released under an MIT license. For more information about licenses,
see [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
